Job Title: Software Engineering Intern

WELLUMIOWellumio is a medical technology company redefining the boundaries of clinical imaging. Our mission is to make magnetic resonance imaging portable, enabling rapid, life-saving diagnoses for conditions where timely treatment is paramount.Our first target application is acute stroke, a medical emergency where every minute counts. Stroke is devastating, and the window of opportunity for effective treatment is painfully narrow. By making MRI portable, Wellumio aims to increase the rate of stroke therapy within the first golden hour of symptom onset.At Wellumio, we're not just creating a product; we are challenging dominant modes of design that hinder people's access to diagnostic imaging. We're fusing technology, design innovation, medical expertise, and systems-level thinking to create imaging solutions that put patients first.Positions Available:Two positions are available. One focused on mechanical prototyping and testing, and the other on signal and image processing.Position Overview and ResponsibilitiesDuring your internship, you will be based at our central city HQ in Wellington, working closely with the R&D team on UX, UI, and API development, including:Assisting with design, implementation and testing,Completing research and analysing usability data,Drafting user manuals and software documentation,Drafting quality management documentation,Reporting on progress and milestones.What you’ll bring:Studying towards a Bachelor of Software Engineering or related disciplineFamiliarity with React, JavaScript, Python, Django, WebSockets.Qualifications:Have studied or be studying at a New Zealand tertiary education institution (note: students who have completed study overseas are not eligible),be studying at NZQA level 6-10 or if study has been completed the closing date of the last semester must be less than 12 months ago.For example, if a Bachelor of Business student's final year of enrolment was 2023, they are eligible until the end of November 2024 because their last semester finished in November 2023.be studying engineering or technologybe legally permitted to work in New Zealand,have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and maintain relationships with key stakeholders,have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make data-driven decisions, andbe committed to ethical and socially responsible business practices.This paid position presents an incredible opportunity for a motivated, inquisitive, and ambitious student to join our team full-time ($27.80/hour for 400 hours of work). The successful applicant can start as soon as they're able to over the summer break and must complete 400 hours of work.How to Apply:Do you have what it takes to redefine stroke imaging with us? If you're excited about our mission and see yourself contributing to our dynamic team, we'd love to hear from you!Application Requirements:CV:Create a CV that showcases your experience, skills, and passion for innovation in medical imaging. Highlight how your background aligns with Wellumio's mission.Cover Letter:Craft a thoughtful cover letter that explains why you're drawn to Wellumio and how you envision contributing to our mission.We'll review your CV and cover letter for shortlisting, so make them stand out.Diversity and Equal Opportunities:At Wellumio, we embrace diversity and inclusion. We encourage applications from all backgrounds. Sometimes, people hesitate to apply if they don't meet all the requirements. If you think you can excel at Wellumio, even if you don't meet every requirement, please apply. We welcome your application.Application Timeline:We will start shortlisting and interviewing candidates in early October. For more information about Wellumio, see our website, www.wellumio.com.